Add ai agent v2 (#1257)
spdx/spdx-3-model: model/Core/Vocabularies/RelationshipType.md

- hasMetadata: Every `to` Element is metadata about the `from` Element (`from` hasMetadata `to`).
- hasOptionalComponent: Every `to` Element is an optional component of the `from` Element (`from` hasOptionalComponent `to`).
- hasOptionalDependency: The `from` Element optionally depends on each `to` Element, during a LifecycleScopeType period.

> - hasOutput: The `from` Build element generates each `to` Element as an output, during a LifecycleScopeType period.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- hasOutput: The `from` Build, DefinedProcess or Action element generates each `to` Element as an output.
```
 Hardware,SupplyChain is using hasOutput. Are you meaning to change the definition of it? is this a bug from a outdate git branch?

Reviewer 2: @ElyasRashno to fix this, you can sync `ElyasRashno:add-ai-agent-v2` branch to the latest one in `spdx:develop` branch.

Author: Thanks. I rebased the agent branch. It's fine now.

> - hasPersistentMemory: The `from` Element uses each `to` Element as a persistent or long-term memory store (e.g., a database, vector store, or file system that retains information across sessions or reasoning steps).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- hasPersistentMemory: The `from` Element uses each `to` Element as a persistent or long-term memory store (e.g., a database, vector store, or file system).
```

This will make the relationship type usable by any computational machine.

- tracedToDetail: the `from` Requirement is refined and further elaborated by each `to` Requirement, which contains more detailed implementation information.
- trainedOn: The `from` Element has been trained on the `to` Element(s).
- underInvestigationFor: The `from` Vulnerability impact is being investigated for each `to` Element. The use of the `underInvestigationFor` type is constrained to `VexUnderInvestigationVulnAssessmentRelationship` classed relationships.

> - usesModel: The `from` Element uses each `to` /AI/AIPackage as its underlying AI model.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- usesModel: The `from` Element uses each `to` /AI/AIPackage as its AI model.
```

May need more description of how this is different from `usesTool`
